Include Safe Area in Measurement (#395)
square/Listable: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - `List` measurement now includes the `safeAreaInsets` from the `Environment` if the `contentInsetAdjustmentBehavior` will affect the layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `List` measurement now has options to include the `safeAreaInsets` from the `Environment` if the `contentInsetAdjustmentBehavior` will affect the layout.
```
